You did a good job with the crayfish
When I'm going to look back at the menstrual value
Pay tribute to the emperor
That's my last name.
You take it
After half a month, I will go to the Thorn Stone Mansion to find me
Give it to the emperor if the emperor likes it
Don't give me a royal vest
OK
I'll prepare a crayfish for you now.
Just ice it and freeze it then.
When will it be given to the emperor's mouth?
His meat is still tender
Hahaha not bad
Draw Nefu to frame you
Then he will give you this restaurant.
As compensation
I announce that Chengdong Ma Shop will open today
Haha, okay, okay.
It occupied half of the restaurants in Ping County
My promotion speed
It literally took off on a rocket.
What about this boss?
Pick a right-hand man today
To be my first handrail
Did you recommend yourself?
Boss Lin, as long as you are willing to give me a bite to eat
Let me do anything
Do anything
I pledge myself to you
I can sell myself
I don't do this human trafficking thing
As long as you believe me
Ken, give me a chance.
I promise not to disappoint you.